Before you start.
Let's take a look at what you're going to get and what you're going to learn from their scores so and
those scores will be working on A W-S with Python and both are through the API which is the most popular
API of A W-S.
And of course apart from the J-ws itself and in this course I'll explain everything but it's nice to
know what our DS and dynamo would be beforehand so I'm not expecting you to be an expert on topics like
our DS and Dynamo D.B and things like back up snapshots or global secondary indexes and other stuff
like that for Dynamo D.B and RLDS but I'm hoping that you will is familiar with these topics and you
feel comfortable to work with on Python and both those three and the most important part of this course
is this course is a really hands on course.
So you're not going to be drawn into PowerPoint or slideshows within the scores.
I'm going to be doing almost everything with my code and nothing with a single touch.
So apart from our introduction and summarizing lectures with some powerpoint slides I'm not going to
do anything else with a presentation.
I'm going to do everything hands on and within my chair my.
So you're going to learn everything and every single detail about what I'm doing with a W-S and Python
and both are three.
So again we're going to develop our AWOS solution from scratch with Python and both are three.
So we're going to launch our already s and why we're launching this RLDS.
We're going to have our own security group and with the help of the security group we're going to limit
the connections and inbound connections to our RLDS instance.
And again just to emphasize will not do anything manually.
It will be all automated with Python and both all three in the next lecture in the next week here.
Let's take a look at what we're going to build on the scores.
So I'll see on the next video.